[ide-eclipse] updated guide (#1006)
openhab/openhab-docs: developers/ide/eclipse.md

### Eclipse IDE Setup

This guide focuses on existing Add-on (binding) development.

1. Download the "Eclipse Installer": [can be downloaded from the Eclipse web site](https://wiki.eclipse.org/Eclipse_Installer)
1. Launch the Installer and on the menu on the top right (3 bars) select `ADVANCED MODE...`, then select `Eclipse IDE for Java Developers` then `Next >`.

    Eclipse version to use is "Latest Release (2019-03)" (currently version `2019-06` does not support bndtools)

> 1. Under `Github Projects > openHAB` select `openHAB Development` and `openHAB Add-ons`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under `Github Projects > openHAB` select `openHAB Development` and any desired option from `openHAB Add-ons` (includes all add-ons from openhab2-addons repo), `openHAB ZigBee Binding` or `openHAB Z-Wave Binding`.
```

    
   ![select projects](./images/ide_setup_eclipse_projects.png)

1. Click `Next>`, verify/modify Root and install folder name, click `Next>` and `Finish` to start installation. 

    During install accept licence agreement, "Unsigned Content" for Bndtools, and Eclipse Foundation certificates when requested to complete IDE installation. 

    When the Eclipse installation is finished the IDE is launched automatically.

> 1. **It's important**, during the first Eclipse IDE launch, to leave Eclipse open until all openaHAB related initial Startup tasks / Download sources / Builds are completed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **It's important**, during the first Eclipse IDE launch, to leave Eclipse open until all openHAB related initial Startup tasks / Download sources / Builds are completed. 
```

>     These tasks will personalize the IDE with openHAB code formatting tools, configurations and a demo app. Initial tasks will also download openHAB lastest SNAPSHOT, the  `openhab2-addons` (bundles) code and related maven dependencies.

Reviewer 2: One line per sentence please.

Author: done

> (click bottom right button in the IDE for Progress).

Reviewer 2: This looks weird with the brackets and the fullstop behind it.
I am no natove speaker, so does anyone now if this is correct grammatically?

Reviewer 3: TMK, this is not grammatically correct. Even if it was, it just looks ugly :smile:. The 'initial tasks' referred to are 'setup tasks' in terms of the Eclipse Oomph setup, which perform a git clone of the repositories. There is no 'download of the latest snapshot', which is a packaged distribution and has nothing to do with the IDE.

Author: done

    ![startup tasks progress](./images/ide_setup_eclipse_startup_tasks.png)

>     When visible in the Package Explorer, select `OH2 Add-ons` and from right-click menu select "Close Projects": this will speed up a bit the first setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When visible in the Package Explorer, select `OH2 Add-ons` and from right-click menu select "Close Projects": this significantly speeds up the setup.
```

>     Leave open only the binding project(s) you would like to work on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Re-open only the binding project(s) you would like to work on.
```

>     **It may take 30-45mins for all initial tasks to finsih, depending on internet connection and your computer speed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **It may take 30-45mins for all initial tasks to finish, depending on internet connection and your computer speed.
```

    So... go and grab a good cup of coffee and be patient until is finished**

   ![startup tasks finished](./images/ide_setup_eclipse_tasks_finished.png)

> 1. After all stasks are finished, in the Eclipse Package Explorer in `Other Projects > launch > app` project folder look for `app.bndrun` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After all tasks are finished, look for `app.bndrun` file in the Eclipse Package Explorer in `Other Projects > launch > app` project folder.
```

   Double click to open `app.bndrun` file (takes a few seconds)

1. Under Browse Repos search for the binding you want to run/debug (`astro` in our case) and add it to the "Run Requirements" list using drag&drop from the "Browse Repos" list:
    ![Bndtools](images/ide_setup_eclipse_bndtools.png)   

    NOTE: If the binding you want to run/debug cannot be found in the Browse Repos list, or the list is empty, then follow these steps to rebuild the list of bindings in the BOM (Bill Of Material) and make your new binding visible from the IDE launch configuration:

    - using Git bash console go to `git\openhab2-addons\bom\openhab-addons`
    - recreate the BOM with: `mvn -DskipChecks -DskipTests clean install`
    Now go back to Eclipse, close and re-open the `app.bndrun` file and you should be able to find the binding in the list now.

1. Save and click "Resolve": a window with the list of resolved bundles will be shown.
    Click `Finish` and save the file.

> Now the IDE is ready to start openHAB with a minimum set of the openHAB core bindings, PaperUI and the selected binding you want to run/debug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now the IDE is ready to start openHAB with a minimum set of the openHAB core bindings, UIs and the selected binding you want to run/debug.
```

1. Start openHAB from the IDE clicking "Run OSGi" or "Debug OSGi" (upper right of the `app.bndrun` window).
   You can check openHAB is running going with your browser to: http://localhost:8080/paperui/ (the last `/` is important!)

> 1. Check the chosen binding is active in `PaperUI > Configuration > Bindings`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check the chosen binding is active in `Paper UI > Configuration > Bindings`
```
